README.md, before:

# KickAss Commerce

A small proof of concept for building an eCommerce system based on an underlying API system.

Currently built on Moltin but PRs for other systems are welcome

"So is this a new eCommerce system?"
> NO! we want to give you a way to work with your favourite (API enabled) eCommerce system without 
> the constraints it might impose on the technologies you can use or the way you implement the frontend

## Requirements
- PHP ^7.0

## Authors

- Sander Mangel <http://www.twitter.com/sandermangel>
- David Manners <http://www.twitter.com/mannersd>

## Installation
- git clone git@github.com:KickAssCommerce/KickAssCommerce.git
- composer install
- check the `/doc/` folder for NginX configuration
- rename the `/doc/.env.template` to `/.env` and fill out the details

## More information
- check the [Philosophy document](https://github.com/KickAssCommerce/KickAssCommerce/blob/develop/doc/philosophy.md)
- check our [alpha roadmap](https://github.com/KickAssCommerce/KickAssCommerce/projects/1) or 
create a ticket / PR to help us move this project

## Examples
Anything in the `app` directory is example code. The `app` directory should be used for your project code.

Commit message:

Link in our readme to our team repo

README.md, after:

# KickAss Commerce

A small proof of concept for building an eCommerce system based on an underlying API system.

Currently built on Moltin but PRs for other systems are welcome

"So is this a new eCommerce system?"
> NO! we want to give you a way to work with your favourite (API enabled) eCommerce system without 
> the constraints it might impose on the technologies you can use or the way you implement the frontend

## Requirements
- PHP ^7.0

## Authors

For more information about the KickAss team and to apply for a position please us our [team repository](https://github.com/KickAssCommerce/team-kickass).

- Sander Mangel <http://www.twitter.com/sandermangel>
- David Manners <http://www.twitter.com/mannersd>

## Installation
- git clone git@github.com:KickAssCommerce/KickAssCommerce.git
- composer install
- check the `/doc/` folder for NginX configuration
- rename the `/doc/.env.template` to `/.env` and fill out the details

## More information
- check the [Philosophy document](https://github.com/KickAssCommerce/KickAssCommerce/blob/develop/doc/philosophy.md)
- check our [alpha roadmap](https://github.com/KickAssCommerce/KickAssCommerce/projects/1) or 
create a ticket / PR to help us move this project

## Examples
Anything in the `app` directory is example code. The `app` directory should be used for your project code.
